en: update tidb operator overview (#56)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/tidb-operator-overview.md

## TiDB Operator architecture

![TiDB Operator Overview](/media/tidb-operator-overview-1.1.png)

> `TidbCluster`, `TidbMonitor`, `TidbInitializer`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `BackupSchedule`, and `TidbClusterAutoScaler`is a custom resource defined by CRD (`CustomResourceDefinition`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TidbCluster`, `TidbMonitor`, `TidbInitializer`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `BackupSchedule`, and `TidbClusterAutoScaler` are custom resources defined by CRD (`CustomResourceDefinition`).
```

* `TidbCluster` describes the desired state of the TiDB cluster.
* `TidbMonitor` describes the monitoring components of the TiDB cluster.
* `TidbInitializer` describes the desired initialization Job of the TiDB cluster.
* `Backup` describes the desired backup of the TiDB cluster.
* `Restore` describes the desired restoration of the TiDB cluster.
* `BackupSchedule` describes the scheduled backup of the TiDB cluster.
* `TidbClusterAutoScaler` describes the automatic scaling of the TiDB cluster.

The following components are responsible for the orchestration and scheduling logic in a TiDB cluster:

> * `tidb-controller-manager` is a set of custom controllers in Kubernetes. These controllers constantly compare the desired state recorded in the `TidbCluster` object with the actual state of the TiDB cluster. They adjust the resources in Kubernetes to drive the TiDB cluster to meet the desired state and complete the corresponding control logic according to other CR;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tidb-controller-manager` is a set of custom controllers in Kubernetes. These controllers constantly compare the desired state recorded in the `TidbCluster` object with the actual state of the TiDB cluster. They adjust the resources in Kubernetes to drive the TiDB cluster to meet the desired state and complete the corresponding control logic according to other CRs;
```

* `tidb-scheduler` is a Kubernetes scheduler extension that injects the TiDB specific scheduling policies to the Kubernetes scheduler;
* `tidb-admission-webhook` is a dynamic admission controller in Kubernetes, which completes the modification, verification, operation and maintenance of Pod, StatefulSet and other related resources.

In addition, TiDB Operator also provides `tkctl`, the command-line interface for TiDB clusters in Kubernetes. It is used for cluster operations and troubleshooting cluster issues.

![TiDB Operator Control Flow](/media/tidb-operator-control-flow-1.1.png)

The diagram above is the analysis of the control flow of TiDB Operator. Starting from TiDB Operator v1.1, the TiDB cluster, monitoring, initialization, backup, and other components are deployed and managed using CR. The overall control flow is described as follows:

1. The user creates a `TidbCluster` object and other CR objects through kubectl, such as `TidbMonitor`;

> 2. TiDB Operator watches `TidbCluster` and other related objects, and constantly adjust the `StatefulSet`, `Deployment` and `Service`, and other objects of PD, TiKV, TiDB, Monitor or other components based on the actual state of the cluster;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. TiDB Operator watches `TidbCluster` and other related objects, and constantly adjust the `StatefulSet`, `Deployment`, `Service`, and other objects of PD, TiKV, TiDB, Monitor or other components based on the actual state of the cluster;
```

Reviewer 2: "the `StatefulSet`, `Deployment`, `Service`, and other objects" or "the `StatefulSet`, `Deployment`, `Service` and other objects"?

Reviewer: I think the former is right. When you describe a series of items, put a comma before the final `and` or `or`. You can refer to the [Google Style Guide | commas](https://developers.google.cn/style/commas#serial-commas_1) 😀

Reviewer 2: OK.

> 3. Kubernetes' native controller creates, updates, and deletes the corresponding `Pod` based on objects such as `StatefulSet`, `Deployment`, and `Job`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Kubernetes' native controllers create, update, or delete the corresponding `Pod` based on objects such as `StatefulSet`, `Deployment`, and `Job`;
```

        You also need to adjust the configuration of the Kubernetes cluster based on [Prerequisites for TiDB in Kubernetes](prerequisites.md) and configure the local PV for your Kubernetes cluster to achieve low latency of local storage for TiKV according to [Local PV Configuration](configure-storage-class.md#local-pv-configuration).

Before deploying TiDB on any of the above two environments, you can always refer to [TiDB Cluster Configuration Document](configure-cluster-using-tidbcluster.md) to customize TiDB configurations.

After the deployment is complete, see the following documents to use, operate, and maintain TiDB clusters in Kubernetes:

+ [Access the TiDB Cluster](access-tidb.md)
+ [Scale TiDB Cluster](scale-a-tidb-cluster.md)
+ [Upgrade TiDB Cluster](upgrade-a-tidb-cluster.md#upgrade-the-version-of-tidb-cluster)
+ [Change the Configuration of TiDB Cluster](upgrade-a-tidb-cluster.md#change-the-configuration-of-tidb-cluster)
+ [Back up a TiDB Cluster](backup-to-s3.md)

> + [Restore a TiDB Cluster](restore-from-s3.md)

Reviewer: `backup-to-s3.md` and `backup-to-aws-s3-using-br.md` are two separate files. The latter is still under review in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator/pull/45, so the CI check might report deadlink on this one.
```suggestion
+ [Back up a TiDB Cluster](backup-to-aws-s3-using-br.md)
+ [Restore a TiDB Cluster](restore-from-aws-s3-using-br.md)
```
